feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69e8b296388ebbd517692bce.md

---
id: 69e8b296388ebbd517692bce
title: Step 39
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-39
---

# --description--

Now add a `div` with the `className` of `form-group`. Inside it, add a `label` of  `className` of `label` and an `htmlFor` attribute of `name`. Under that add an `input` with an `id` set to `name`, a `className` of of `input`, and a `type` attribute of `text`.

# --hints--

> Your should have a `div` with the class `form-group`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your should have a `div` with the `className` of `form-group`.
```

```js
const container = await __helpers.prepTestComponent(window.index.FootballPlayerCard);
assert.exists(container.querySelector('.form-panel div.form-group'));
```

> Your `form-group` should contain a `label` with the class `label` and a `htmlFor` attribute of `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `form-group` should contain a `label` with the `className` of `label` and a `htmlFor` attribute of `name`.
```
